//Room 1
You're in a cold damp room... There's barely any light for you to see.
You feel around for something familiar and there seem to be shelves lining
the walls to the north, west and east. You're probably in the storage room.
There is a faint glimmer of light coming from the south. This seems like a safe place...
END
0
-1 There is a shelf blocking your way.
2 You slowly open the door as your eyes adjust to the light.
-1 If only you could walk through walls...
-1 There is no exit that way.
//Room 2
Light bursts through the windows on the west and southern walls. The only doors
you can see are to the east and north. There is a large table down the center of
the room covered with plates and silverware but they are all lined with dust, as
if no one has sat here in some time. 
END
1
1 You head north and open the door, only to see darkness. 
-1 I don't suggest trying to climb out the window.
3 The door to the east creaks loudly as you push it open.
-1 There is not way to leave this room going west.
//Room 3
It appears to be the main foyer. There is a massive door to the south, probably 
the main entrance. The wall to the east is covered with old paintings of men, all
lined with, "Lord Barov" on the bottom. To the north there is a door loosely
hanging ajar and to the west there is a tall narrow door. There are staircases 
that suggest the building has multiple floors, but they are all blocked by furniture.
END
2
4 You peek around the open door and carefully walk inside.
16 You grab the giant iron rung on the massive door and pull with all of your weight.
-1 Though the paintings seem odd, there is no way to move east from this room.
2 The tall, narrow door screeches as you push it open.
//Room 4
Light can only be seen through a hole in the roof.  Vines have grown over it and
drape down into the room. Under the vines you see what appears to be either cookware
or scientific tools. Hopefully the former... There is an open door to the south,
a bookcase to the east with a small draft of air coming from behind it and double doors to the north.
END
2
5 The double doors are hard to budge at first, but with some work you open one.
3 You walk through the open doorway, careful to take in your surroundings.
12 You pull the bookcase away from the wall and find a secret passage.
-1 The walls to the west are covered with knives, no exit here.
//Room 5
Rats scurry on the ground as you enter the room. A fireplace is on the wall to the west
surrounded by what look like once comfortable lounging chairs. There is a door to the
north, double doors to the south and the wall seems to have caved in to the east.
END
3
6 You push the door and take a step back as it swings open.
4 The double doors require all of your strength to move.
11 You climb over the rubble of the destroyed wall.
-1 There is nothing interesting in the fireplace.
//Room 6
The room appears to be a greenhouse attached to the back of the house. You don't recognize
any of the plants growing here but they all seem to have the same deep red color
to their buds.  There is a single door to the south and a screen door to the outside
to the west. 
END
2
-1 There is nothing to the north but a long rack of the same red plants.
5 You easily go through the single door.
-1 The floor to the west is covered in blood stains.
7 You push the screen door open and it is quick to recoil.
//Room 7
You're on the eastern side of a lake.  The water is a dark blueish-black,
revealing its true depth. There is a dirt trail to the north and west that loops
around to the opposite side of the lake. There is a screen door that leads to a greenhouse
looking room to the south and a long trail lined with waist high grass that leads
to a forest to the east.
END
2
8 You go north down the dirt trail along the side of the lake.
6 The screen door is light but springs back as you open it.
9 You walk down the long narrow trail to the east.
8 You walk west along the lake while following the dirt trail.
//Room 8
You're standing at the north end of the lake.  There appears to be a cliff to the
north and west, but a trail that goes around the lake to the south and east. At the 
bottom of the cliff appear to be animal bones... at least you hope.
END
3
-1 That cliff is pretty steep, I don't think you can climb down it.
7 You walk south around the lake, hoping to find something of value.
7 You take the trail leading east around the lake, listening to the wind.
-1 It would be a bad idea to try and go down the cliff, you may get hurt.
//Room 9
You're standing on the edge of a forest. The trees block out any light that might
hit the ground. You have no idea how far back the forest goes but it looks deep. 
Who knows what could be back there... There's a trail leading to a lake to the west and
a trail leading to a broken wall in the building to the south. 
END
2
-1 As you walk north towards the forest you hear a coyote howl... better turn around.
11 You climb over the rubble of the destroyed wall. What could have done this?
-1 Walking east you see two yellow eyes appear from the dark forest, I wouldn't continue.
7 You feel like something from the forest is following you west... you turn around but nothing is there.
//Room 10
There is a graveyard to the north that is locked and gated. A lot of the graves appear
unmarked except for a large statue. Written at its base is "Lord Barov 1890 -    "
There is a trail to the east leading to a road. To the west, a destroyed wall you
can climb over into the building and to the south a rickety cellar door...
END
2
-1 You can try all you want but the graveyard is locked up tight, I would hurry somewhere else.
13 The cellar doors are heavy though the wood looks rotten. You step into the darkness.
15 You head towards the road and notice there have been no cars driving down it.
11 You struggle to get over the remains of the stone wall but eventually make it.
//Room 11
This room is covered with destruction, parts of the north, east and west walls are demolished.
There is a large crater in the center of the room... There must have been an explosion there.
To the north you see a dark forest through the destroyed wall, To the east you
see a large graveyard over the rubble and to the west there is a hole in the wall
leading to a room covered with vines. The only door is to your south and it is very small.
END
3
9 You're careful not to damage the wall any further as you go towards the forest.
12 The small door is only big enough to crawl through, it appears to be rarely used.
10 You almost trip over a piece of the stone wall heading east.
5 You squeeze through the hole in the wall while the vines muffle your footsteps.
//Room 12
This room was obviously not meant to be public knowlege. The walls are covered with pieces
of paper all written extensively on. There are multiple beakers for experiments
and broken cages on tables in the center of the room. There is a small door
to the south, a door big enough to crawl through to the north an open arch
to a room to the east, and a pathway seemingly blocked by a bookcase to the west.
END
2
11 You crawl through the small door, hoping there are no rats nearby.
14 There appears to be something behind the door blocking it so you kick it open.
13 You walk through the open arch and almost fall down a couple of steps in the darkness.
4 You push the bookcase forward and step out from behind it.
//Room 13
You are surrounded by darkness. Light creeps out between what appears to be two cellar
doors to the north.  There is a small archway to the west.  
END
3
10 You lift with your legs to push open the heavy cellar doors. 
-1 You head south in the darkness until you walk face first into a wall.
-1 You walk east in the darkness and stub your toe on the wall.
12 You walk west through the small archway, almost tripping over small steps on the way.
//Room 14
You're in what appears to be a torture room... There are bones and blood stains everywhere.
The room is barely lit by torches hanging on the walls.  They're still lit...
The only door is to the north. 
END
4
12 You push the door open and quickly get out of there.
-1 I wouldn't waste time looking in the room.
-1 I would get out of here, quick.
-1 There is no exit this way.
//Room 15
There is a road covered in mist that goes to the east and south that seems to be
rarely ever used. A dirt trail leads west to the large main entrance of what appears to be
an old mansion.  A trail also leads north to a large cemetary.
END
3
10 You head quickly towards the cemetary.
-1 I wouldn't head south, you have no idea where that road goes!
-1 That mist is pretty thick, it would not be wise to head east.
16 You walk along the dirt path towards the Mansion.
//Room 16
There are large wooden doors to the north leading into an old mansion. You are standing 
in the middle of waist high grass. There is a dirt path leading south and east to a road.
END
2
3 The doors are heavy and a cold, damp wind blows from the inside as you open them. 
15 You head down the dirt path, hoping to find help at the road.
15 There are no sounds of traffic from the road but you are hopeful as you head east.
-1 There is no trail heading west, you will probably get lost if you go that way.