//Room 1
You are in a small parking lot for a trailhead. 
Across the road to the south, you can take the Pine loop, 
to the north head take the North loop.
END
0
13 The north loop winds through a meadow and a pine grove.
2 The pine loop leads you down a trail covered in tree roots.
-1 There is no trail leading east. You don't want to get lost.
2 The sun shines through the trees as you head through the Pine loop.
//Room 2
You are at a small clearing in the trail.
The sun breaks through the trees and warms your body.
To the south lies the majority of the pine loop and a small hill.
END
1 
1 You barely make it over the criss-crossing tree roots covering the path.
3 The sticks scattered across the trail snap under your feet.
1 The tree roots across the path make it hard to walk, but you push on.
-1 The trail does not continue west, you may get lost.
//Room 3
You are standing on a small hill covered in tall grass.
The wind rolls through the grass, making a faint sigh.
To the east you can hear the sound of water.
To the north there is a trail leading into a line of trees.
Southward, the pine loop continues out of your view.
END
1
2 The foliage gives you a nice shelter from the sun as you head north.
4 You bravely continue down through the pine loop, wondering what's ahead.
15 You follow the sound of water until you reach a small cliff.
-1 There is no trail to the west. It would be a bad idea to go that way.
//Room 4
You're at the bottom of a small river(Harker's Run) that is covered in vegetation.
You can follow the creek to the north in hopes that another trail connects to it.
The pine loop continues to the west but you cannot see past a bend in the woods.
To the east is the Bachelor Preserve East Loop but you cannot see where it leads.
END
2
6 You walk alongside the river and almost trip over some rocks.
-1 It would be unwise to follow the creak south, the map does not continue south.
5 Going along the east loop you walk into a spider web and scream.
3 You head west, not knowing where the trail will take you.
//Room 5
You stop to rest at the intersection of three trails.
To the north is an open plain with growth covering the trail,
but you see a large pond in the distance.
One of the trails continues south into the woods, the trees block out the light.
To the east is a small loop containing a beautiful sculpture and garden but
it leads directly back to where you are now.
END
3
8 You carefully walk over the vegetation, making sure not to touch any poison ivy.
4 You head down the trail, suddenly realizing you are somewhat scared of the dark...
5 That was very pretty but it looks like you're back where you started...
-1 You can try to go east but without a trail, it is likely you will get lost.
//Room 6
You're at the river (Harker's Run). There's a suspension bridge over it! 
The bridge looks a bit rickety... but is the only way to head east unless 
you want to walk back a long way. South takes you further into the forest, 
north back to the road, and west back into the pine loop.
END
1
10 You head north back to the road, hoping for an easier walk.
4 You walk into the forest, following the river along the way.
7 The bridge really sways and there are some missing boards.
15 You climb up a small cliff the river eroded away to the pine loop.
//Room 7
You stand on the western side of Bachelor Pond.
The pond is very peaceful but you know you have work to do.
You hear a river to your west, it's probably Harker's run.
To the south the trail follows along the side of the pond.
The trail leading north winds along towards the road.
The trail also leads east along the side of the pond but on the north side.
END
1
10 Heading north you almost trip over steps built in to the trail.
8 While walking south along the pond you almost eat a dragonfly by accident. 
9 You walk east along the northside of the pond toward the Reinhart Preserve Loop.
6 As you walk the sound of the river becomes louder all around you.
//Room 8
You are standing at the south side of the pond, it is covered in cat tails.
The bank of the pond is covered in algae and small creatures.
The trail leads north around the pond to the opposite side.
To the south is an open plain covered in tall grass and other plants.
A trail also continues west along the pond.
END
1
9 You walk along the side of the pond and your shoes get covered in mud.
5 Walking through the plain, hoping to stay on the trail, you watch out for ticks.
-1 You don't want to go that way - you need to get home before dark!
7 Walking around the west side of the pond, you almost walk into a fellow nature enthusiast.
//Room 9 
You are at the east end of the pond. There is a partly-submerged log in the pond
with several turtles on it. There are trails heading south, east, and west. 
END
1
-1 There are no trails heading north, you don't want to head that way.
8 You walk to the south side of the pond, hoping to find treasure.
14 The trail to the east leads uphill and your legs become tired.
7 You skip rocks in the pond as you walk to the western side.
//Room 10
The trail has been twisting back and forth. You're starting to wonder if you
missed a turn somewhere... The road should be north and the suspension bridge 
should be south.
END
1
11 The trail curves north and you think you hear cars.
7 The trail leads south to the western side of the pond.
-1 You really don't want to hike into that gully!
-1 That looks like a nasty hill and there's no trail...
//Room 11
You've reached an intersection of three trails. You can hear traffic noise to 
the North.There are trails to the East and to the South.
END
1
12 You walk north towards the road and find a busy street (Bonham Road).
10 You head south down the trail, not sure where you're going.
14 Walking east youcan still somewhat hear the road.
-1 You don't want to walk west, unless you plan on getting lost!
//Room 12
You're on the South side of Bonham Road. If you head along the road to the West 
you know you can pick up the trail on the other side. You just have to watch out 
for careless drivers. South takes you back into the main part of the preserve.
END
1
-1 Kramer Preserve Loop is north, where many hikers get lost!
11 You head back to the main part of the preserve, looking both ways as you cross the road.
-1 Even though the road heads east, it is very easy to get lost that way.
13 You wlk along the road to the west, hoping to continue on the trail.
//Room 13
You're on the North side of Bonham Road. You can cross South to go into the main 
park, you can loop around to the lot further West, or you can go East along the road 
for a bit. If you head west, be sure  to stay on the trail and watch for the No 
Trespassing signs
END
1
-1 There's a No Trespassing sign here, I would turn around.
6 You head into the main park, walking along a riverside.
12 You walk along the road while Miami drivers wait for you to cross.
1 You head back west towards the parking lot.
//Room 14
You're in a meadow. It's very pretty! There are trails to the South and West. 
There's also one to the East but you're not sure where it goes.
END
3
-1 You head north even though there is no trail, I hope you don't get lost...
9 You walk south along the trail towards Bachelor pond.
-1 It's getting late; you really don't want to get lost...
11 You walk west along the trail and hear traffic noise as you go.
//Room 15
You're at the top of a hill. The trail to the East goes down, and there are beams 
built into the hill to serve as steps. The trail to the West looks easier.
END
4
-1 Do you really want to venture off the trail? If you insist...
-1 I don't think it would be wise to go off the trails...
6 You walk east because you love a challenge, but you trip and almost fall halfway down.
3 The trail is very well kept and easy to trek as you walk west.